1360147832
Activerecord	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/config/application.rb	module Activerecord
Application	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Asignatura	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/models/asignatura.rb	class Asignatura 
AsignaturaTest	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/test/unit/asignatura_test.rb	class AsignaturaTest 
AsignaturasController	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/asignaturas_controller.rb	class AsignaturasController 
AsignaturasControllerTest	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/test/functional/asignaturas_controller_test.rb	class AsignaturasControllerTest 
AsignaturasHelper	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/helpers/asignaturas_helper.rb	module AsignaturasHelper
AsignaturasHelperTest	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/test/unit/helpers/asignaturas_helper_test.rb	class AsignaturasHelperTest 
BrowsingTest	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateAsignaturas	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/db/migrate/20121219111034_create_asignaturas.rb	class CreateAsignaturas 
CreateProfesorPerteneceAsignaturas	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/db/migrate/20130128102849_create_profesor_pertenece_asignaturas.rb	class CreateProfesorPerteneceAsignaturas 
CreateProfesores	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/db/migrate/20130125112323_create_profesores.rb	class CreateProfesores 
HomeController	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	class HomeController 
HomeControllerTest	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/test/functional/home_controller_test.rb	class HomeControllerTest 
HomeHelper	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/helpers/home_helper.rb	module HomeHelper
HomeHelperTest	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/test/unit/helpers/home_helper_test.rb	class HomeHelperTest 
ProfesorPerteneceAsignatura	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/models/profesor_pertenece_asignatura.rb	class ProfesorPerteneceAsignatura 
ProfesorPerteneceAsignaturaTest	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/test/unit/profesor_pertenece_asignatura_test.rb	class ProfesorPerteneceAsignaturaTest 
ProfesorPerteneceAsignaturasController	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesor_pertenece_asignaturas_controller.rb	class ProfesorPerteneceAsignaturasController 
ProfesorPerteneceAsignaturasControllerTest	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/test/functional/profesor_pertenece_asignaturas_controller_test.rb	class ProfesorPerteneceAsignaturasControllerTest 
ProfesorPerteneceAsignaturasHelper	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/helpers/profesor_pertenece_asignaturas_helper.rb	module ProfesorPerteneceAsignaturasHelper
ProfesorPerteneceAsignaturasHelperTest	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/test/unit/helpers/profesor_pertenece_asignaturas_helper_test.rb	class ProfesorPerteneceAsignaturasHelperTest 
Profesore	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/models/profesore.rb	class Profesore 
ProfesoreTest	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/test/unit/profesore_test.rb	class ProfesoreTest 
ProfesoresController	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesores_controller.rb	class ProfesoresController 
ProfesoresControllerTest	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/test/functional/profesores_controller_test.rb	class ProfesoresControllerTest 
ProfesoresHelper	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/helpers/profesores_helper.rb	module ProfesoresHelper
ProfesoresHelperTest	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/test/unit/helpers/profesores_helper_test.rb	class ProfesoresHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
change	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/db/migrate/20121219111034_create_asignaturas.rb	  def change
change	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/db/migrate/20130125112323_create_profesores.rb	  def change
change	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/db/migrate/20130128102849_create_profesor_pertenece_asignaturas.rb	  def change
create	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesores_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesor_pertenece_asignaturas_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/asignaturas_controller.rb	  def create
default_values	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/models/profesor_pertenece_asignatura.rb	  def default_values
destroy	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesores_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesor_pertenece_asignaturas_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/asignaturas_controller.rb	  def destroy
do_search	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/assets/javascripts/jquery.tokeninput.js	function do_search(immediate)
edit	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesores_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesor_pertenece_asignaturas_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/asignaturas_controller.rb	  def edit
highlight_term	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/assets/javascripts/jquery.tokeninput.js	function highlight_term(value, term)
index	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesores_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesor_pertenece_asignaturas_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/asignaturas_controller.rb	  def index
insert_token	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/assets/javascripts/jquery.tokeninput.js	function insert_token(id, value)
is_printable_character	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/assets/javascripts/jquery.tokeninput.js	function is_printable_character(keycode)
new	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesores_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesor_pertenece_asignaturas_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/asignaturas_controller.rb	  def new
profesor_tokens	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/models/asignatura.rb	  attr_reader :profesor_tokens 
profesor_tokens=	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/models/asignatura.rb	  def profesor_tokens=(ids) 
resize_input	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/assets/javascripts/jquery.tokeninput.js	function resize_input()
run_search	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/assets/javascripts/jquery.tokeninput.js	function run_search(query)
show	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesores_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesor_pertenece_asignaturas_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/asignaturas_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesores_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/profesor_pertenece_asignaturas_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/eli/ETSII/Proyecto/activerecordtest/activerecord/app/controllers/asignaturas_controller.rb	  def update
